hello to all and all and morgane and
I'm back to introduce you
measures therefore from December 26 to 28
December
so for those who would ask
because I know there is still
some worries about playstation I am
on xbox conquered that's why I
could connect me without worry yesterday I had
the same problems a good on the xbox
was not spared with the chamois
squad so on is here position we have
already seen anyway so what is
they'll rarely see later on yom
titans tells us new version the
last week's names the claws
lady carats that I find very pretty the
symbiote akilov age that I had missed
the first time and that suddenly I think
take this week since this is his
dlc version ie with 447 of
max defense and 36.2 light level
max that will allow me to spend 31 even
32 if the raid goes well this
week
as you know I was not there early
week and finisterrae called
noland millions dhs in original version
so I believe directly in 331 of attac
max who is so a sniper maybe
equipped in the location of tears
main it's interesting increases
the damage of precision the frags
realized with this weapon we do not hear me
not temporarily yielding the damage
inflicted on the next target
ok also old and that's it
pleases
he has a pretty cool old school style to
the old there he is he is pretty cool
visually
I like the fact that all these weapons
exotic every time stands out
really a lot of each other and
all have a very particular style the
installs in the subway 2033 or other I
do not know with the little wood side his
stats good we saw better one of course
since we do not have the
automatic reloading or that kind of
things
he calls a loader of 6 so that
it's pretty cool we'll compare it to
them yves to my boyfriend with the tool
multifunction bravo so we're not going to
compare of identity that he has a good
reload speed an annex door
in range I think it's something
interesting thing if you do not have
still in my sniper
interesting in high school and of course he
will not dethrone our famous icebreaker
talk about his reloading
automatic return on or again the
new lamarthe au noir I had
the opportunity to try it out really
annoying that precision damage and
the fact that they recharge without
need them would not retreat
the divisors it's pretty mind-blowing
so he will miss this little side
easy reload but I think it
is still interesting
we then of course have an exotic glow
we do not have an exotic gram this
week I 'm sending new panicked I
think it'll come back worry
not maybe they do tests of
settings etc
and then the increases of what we
may have
so the different titan helmet
fire heart in solar so that's okay
to please those kong at the terminal that
go to the 331 it rises it remains
one of the best if not the best
launches rockets
even though funk roma is very very good
supreme council that was already the
last week m of thunder blow
his mom I'm already seen in 331 so
it's cool all is well I do not need
to increase it last words that
it's pretty cool that's the red death
it's been a long time since we've heard
speak I like this weapon more
I can not wait for her to come back
available I love his little side a
little bit how I forgot our hearts
the fair is that's it except that everyone
is a bit inspired by a thematic
it may be me but for example on
I think it hurts a lot
and the diaraf after that is my
birthday and blow me
personally this week I'm going
increase elderberry what I have as to
level 300 max so I spent 331
but as you see it will take g
cumulate some small lumens do that
should not be much complicated the
blue plasma engine telemetry and
purple plasma motor we'll say so
so here I take the headphones
let's be crazy it's going to be all of a sudden
this piece so if I can cumulate
10 pieces knowing that in fact I'm going in
to have nine in their epic of the
week
that's so I'll also take our
heaths billon funds finisterrae and if
I have the opportunity to do it
demo of this rifle I tried to do that
tomorrow for you to see her
make the decision before buying
tomorrow where tonight besides if everything happens
okay so that's it so I hope that
it will please you is not it and that
you are going to have the equipment that
you wish and as for me I
found very quickly on the chain
for many more videos